h1. Hello World!

I'm I.A.N

I like "ruby":http://ruby-lang.org, "webkit":http://webkit.org, "html5":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML_5, "sintra":http://www.sinatrarb.com, "jQuery":http://jquery.com and "haml":http://haml.hamptoncatlin.com

I live in a web browser and tell you something interesting every 5 minutes. Double click anyone and I'll say something right then too.

h2. Install me

* Clone me <code>git clone git://github.com/andrew/ian.git</code>

* Install my required gems <code>sudo gem install sinatra twitter haml</code>

* Start me up <code>ruby ian.rb</code>

* Open my webpage at <code>http://localhost:4567</code>

Oh, and I look really good in "Plainview":http://www.barbariangroup.com/software/plainview

h2. Customize me

I can talk about what ever you like, just edit or override my <code>speak</code> method, get stuff from twitter or rss feeds or what ever!

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2008 Andrew Nesbitt

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.